;; -*- mode: emacs-lisp -*-
;; This file is loaded by Spacemacs at startup.
;; It must be stored in your home directory.

(defun dotspacemacs/layers ()
  "Configuration Layers declaration.
You should not put any user code in this function besides modifying the variable
values."
  (setq-default
   ;; Base distribution to use. This is a layer contained in the directory
   ;; `+distribution'. For now available distributions are `spacemacs-base'
   ;; or `spacemacs'. (default 'spacemacs)
   dotspacemacs-distribution 'spacemacs
   ;; List of additional paths where to look for configuration layers.
   ;; Paths must have a trailing slash (i.e. `~/.mycontribs/')
   dotspacemacs-configuration-layer-path '()
   ;; List of configuration layers to load. If it is the symbol `all' instead
   ;; of a list then all discovered layers will be installed.
   dotspacemacs-configuration-layers
   '(
     markdown
     ;; ----------------------------------------------------------------
     ;; Example of useful layers you may want to use right away.
     ;; Uncomment some layer names and press <SPC f e R> (Vim style) or
     ;; <M-m f e R> (Emacs style) to install them.
     ;; ----------------------------------------------------------------
     (auto-completion :variables
                      auto-completion-return-key-behavior 'complete
                      auto-completion-tab-key-behavior 'cycle
                      auto-completion-complete-with-key-sequence nil
                      auto-completion-complete-with-key-sequence 0.1
                      auto-completion-private-snippets-directory nil
                      auto-completion-enable-sort-by-usage t
                      )
     ;; better-defaults
     emacs-lisp
     (c-c++ :variables
            ;;c-c++-default-mode-for-headers 'c++-mode
            c-c++-enable-clang-support t)
     git
     ;; markdolayers/wn
     org
     ;; (shell :variables
     ;;        shell-default-height 30
     ;;        shell-default-position 'bottom)
     ;; spell-checking
     syntax-checking
     spacemacs-evil
     themes-megapack
     version-control
     )
   ;; List of additional packages that will be installed without being
   ;; wrapped in a layer. If you need some configuration for these
   ;; packages, then consider creating a layer. You can also put the
   ;; configuration in `dotspacemacs/user-config'.
   dotspacemacs-additional-packages '()
   ;; A list of packages and/or extensions that will not be install and loaded.
   dotspacemacs-excluded-packages '()
   ;; If non-nil spacemacs will delete any orphan packages, i.e. packages that
   ;; are declared in a layer which is not a member of
   ;; the list `dotspacemacs-configuration-layers'. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-delete-orphan-packages t))

(defun dotspacemacs/init ()
  "Initialization function.
This function is called at the very startup of Spacemacs initialization
before layers configuration.
You should not put any user code in there besides modifying the variable
values."
  ;; This setq-default sexp is an exhaustive list of all the supported
  ;; spacemacs settings.
  (setq-default
   ;; If non nil ELPA repositories are contacted via HTTPS whenever it's
   ;; possible. Set it to nil if you have no way to use HTTPS in your
   ;; environment, otherwise it is strongly recommended to let it set to t.
   ;; This variable has no effect if Emacs is launched with the parameter
   ;; `--insecure' which forces the value of this variable to nil.
   ;; (default t)
   dotspacemacs-elpa-https t
   ;; Maximum allowed time in seconds to contact an ELPA repository.
   dotspacemacs-elpa-timeout 5
   ;; If non nil then spacemacs will check for updates at startup
   ;; when the current branch is not `develop'. et is not trying to send enough data, everything goes via the DSL network only after some times due to the use of big buffers and important RTT. You shouldn't then have this problem when using IPerf or other Speedtest tools (Android version, speedof.me, etc.). From what we can see, this seems to be due to a very big round-trip-time. Do you know if it is normal to have so big RTT in your network? Establishing a connection to Speedtest server can take half a second to be established.(default t)
   dotspacemacs-check-for-update t
   ;; One of `vim', `emacs' or `hybrid'. Evil is always enabled but if the
   ;; variable There are four top-level functions in the file: dotspacemacs/layers, dotspacemacs/init, dotspacemacs/user-init and dotspacemacs/user-config. The dotspacemacs/layers function exist only to enable and disable layers and packages. The dotspacemacs/init function is run before anything else during startup and contains Spacemacs settings. You will never need to touch this function except to change default Spacemacs settings. The dotspacemacs/user-init function is also run before anything else and contains user specific configuration. The dotspacemacs/user-config function is the one you will use the most. This is where you define any user configuration.is `emacs' then the `holy-mode' is enabled at startup. `hybrid'
   ;; uses emacs key bindings for vim's insert mode, but otherwise leaves evil
   ;; unchanged. (default 'vim)
   dotspacemacs-editing-style 'vim
   ;; If non nil output loading progress in `*Messages*' buffer. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-verbose-loading nil
   ;; Specify the startup banner. Default value is `official', it displays
   ;; the official spacemacs logo. An integer value is the index of text
   ;; banner, `random' chooses a random text banner in `core/banners'
   ;; directory. A string value must be a path to an image format supported
   ;; by your Emacs build.
   ;; If the value is nil then no banner is displayed. (default 'official)
   dotspacemacs-startup-banner 'official
   ;; List of items to show in the startup buffer. If nil it is disabled.
   ;; Possible values are: `recents' `bookmarks' `projects'.
   ;; (default '(recents projects))
   dotspacemacs-startup-lists '(recents projects)
   ;; Number of recent files to show in the startup buffer. Ignored if
   ;; `dotspacemacs-startup-lists' doesn't include `recents'. (default 5)
   dotspacemacs-startup-recent-list-size 5
   ;; Default major mode of the scratch buffer (default `text-mode')
   dotspacemacs-scratch-mode 'text-mode
   ;; List of themes, the first of the list is loaded when spacemacs starts.
   ;; Press <SPC> T n to cycle to the next theme in the list (works great
   ;; with 2 themes variants, one dark and one light)
   dotspacemacs-themes '(solarized-dark
                         spacemacs-dark
                         spacemacs-light
                         solarized-light
                         leuven
                         monokai
                         zenburn)
   ;; If non nil the cursor color matches the state color in GUI Emacs.
   dotspacemacs-colorize-cursor-according-to-state t
   ;; Default font. `powerline-scale' allows to quickly tweak the mode-line
   ;; size to make separators look not too crappy.
   dotspacemacs-default-font '("Ubuntu Mono"
                               :size 16
                               :weight normal
                               :width normal
                               :powerline-scale 1.0)
   ;; The leader key
   dotspacemacs-leader-key "SPC"
   ;; The leader key accessible in `emacs state' and `insert state'
   ;; (default "M-m")
   dotspacemacs-emacs-leader-key "M-m"
   ;; Major mode leader key is a shortcut key which is the equivalent of
   ;; pressing `<leader> m`. Set it to `nil` to disable it. (default ",")
   dotspacemacs-major-mode-leader-key ","
   ;; Major mode leader key accessible in `emacs state' and `insert state'.
   ;; (default "C-M-m)
   dotspacemacs-major-mode-emacs-leader-key "C-M-m"
   ;; These variables control whether separate commands are bound in the GUI to
   ;; the key pairs C-i, TAB and C-m, RET.
   ;; Setting it to a non-nil value, allows for separate commands under <C-i>
   ;; and TAB or <C-m> and RET.
   ;; In the terminal, these pairs are generally indistinguishable, so this only
   ;; works in the GUI. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-distinguish-gui-tab nil
   ;; (Not implemented) dotspacemacs-distinguish-gui-ret nil
   ;; The command key used for Evil commands (ex-commands) and
   ;; Emacs commands (M-x).
   ;; By default the command key is `:' so ex-commands are executed like in Vim
   ;; with `:' and Emacs commands are executed with `<leader> :'.
   dotspacemacs-command-key ":"
   ;; If non nil `Y' is remapped to `y$'. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-remap-Y-to-y$ t
   ;; Name of the default layout (default "Default")
   dotspacemacs-default-layout-name "Default"
   ;; If non nil the default layout name is displayed in the mode-line.
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-display-default-layout nil
   ;; If non nil then the last auto saved layouts are resume automatically upon
   ;; start. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-auto-resume-layouts nil
   ;; Location where to auto-save files. Possible values are `original' to
   ;; auto-save the file in-place, `cache' to auto-save the file to another
   ;; file stored in the cache directory and `nil' to disable auto-saving.
   ;; (default 'cache)
   dotspacemacs-auto-save-file-location 'cache
   ;; Maximum number of rollback slots to keep in the cache. (default 5)
   dotspacemacs-max-rollback-slots 5
   ;; If non nil then `ido' replaces `helm' for some commands. For now only
   ;; `find-files' (SPC f f), `find-spacemacs-file' (SPC f e s), and
   ;; `find-contrib-file' (SPC f e c) are replaced. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-use-ido nil
   ;; If non nil, `helm' will try to minimize the space it uses. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-helm-resize nil
   ;; if non nil, the helm header is hidden when there is only one source.
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-helm-no-header nil
   ;; define the position to display `helm', options are `bottom', `top',
   ;; `left', or `right'. (default 'bottom)
   dotspacemacs-helm-position 'bottom
   ;; If non nil the paste micro-state is enabled. When enabled pressing `p`
   ;; several times cycle between the kill ring content. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-enable-paste-micro-state nil
   ;; Which-key delay in seconds. The which-key buffer is the popup listing
   ;; the commands bound to the current keystroke sequence. (default 0.4)
   dotspacemacs-which-key-delay 0.4
   ;; Which-key frame position. Possible values are `right', `bottom' and
   ;; `right-then-bottom'. right-then-bottom tries to display the frame to the
   ;; right; if there is insufficient space it displays it at the bottom.
   ;; (default 'bottom)
   dotspacemacs-which-key-position 'bottom
   ;; If non nil a progress bar is displayed when spacemacs is loading. This
   ;; may increase the boot time on some systems and emacs builds, set it to
   ;; nil to boost the loading time. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-loading-progress-bar t
   ;; If non nil the frame is fullscreen when Emacs starts up. (default nil)
   ;; (Emacs 24.4+ only)
   dotspacemacs-fullscreen-at-startup nil
   ;; If non nil `spacemacs/toggle-fullscreen' will not use native fullscreen.
   ;; Use to disable fullscreen animations in OSX. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-fullscreen-use-non-native nil
   ;; If non nil the frame is maximized when Emacs starts up.
   ;; Takes effect only if `dotspacemacs-fullscreen-at-startup' is nil.
   ;; (default nil) (Emacs 24.4+ only)
   dotspacemacs-maximized-at-startup nil
   ;; A value from the range (0..100), in increasing opacity, which describes
   ;; the transparency level of a frame when it's active or selected.
   ;; Transparency can be toggled through `toggle-transparency'. (default 90)
   dotspacemacs-active-transparency 90
   ;; A value from the range (0..100), in increasing opacity, which describes
   ;; the transparency level of a frame when it's inactive or deselected.
   ;; Transparency can be toggled through `toggle-transparency'. (default 90)
   dotspacemacs-inactive-transparency 90
   ;; If non nil unicode symbols are displayed in the mode line. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-mode-line-unicode-symbols t
   ;; If non nil smooth scrolling (native-scrolling) is enabled. Smooth
   ;; scrolling overrides the default behavior of Emacs which recenters the
   ;; point when it reaches the top or bottom of the screen. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-smooth-scrolling t
   ;; If non nil line numbers are turned on in all `prog-mode' and `text-mode'
   ;; derivatives. If set to `relative', also turns on relative line numbers.
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-line-numbers nil
   ;; If non-nil smartparens-strict-mode will be enabled in programming modes.
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-smartparens-strict-mode nil
   ;; Select a scope to highlight delimiters. Possible values are `any',
   ;; `current', `all' or `nil'. Default is `all' (highlight any scope and
   ;; emphasis the current one). (default 'all)
   dotspacemacs-highlight-delimiters 'all
   ;; If non nil advises quit functions to keep server open when quitting.
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-persistent-server nil
   ;; List of search tool executable names. Spacemacs uses the first installed
   ;; tool of the list. Supported tools are `ag', `pt', `ack' and `grep'.
   ;; (default '("ag" "pt" "ack" "grep"))
   dotspacemacs-search-tools '("ag" "pt" "ack" "grep")
   ;; The default package repository used if no explicit repository has been
   ;; specified with an installed package.
   ;; Not used for now. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-default-package-repository nil
   ;; Delete whitespace while saving buffer. Possible values are `all'
   ;; to aggressively delete empty line and long sequences of whitespace,
   ;; `trailing' to delete only the whitespace at end of lines, `changed'to
   ;; delete only whitespace for changed lines or `nil' to disable cleanup.
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-whitespace-cleanup nil
   ))

(defun dotspacemacs/user-init ()
  "Initialization function for user code.
It is called immediately after `dotspacemacs/init', before layer configuration
executes.
 This function is mostly useful for variables that need to be set
before packages are loaded. If you are unsure, you should try in setting them in
`dotspacemacs/user-config' first."
  )

(defun dotspacemacs/user-config ()
  "Configuration function for user code.
This function is called at the very end of Spacemacs initialization after
layers configuration.
This is the place where most of your configurations should be done. Unless it is
explicitly specified that a variable should be set before a package is loaded,
you should place your code here."
  (require 'cc-mode)
  (push '(other . "linux") c-default-style)
  (setq-default indent-tabs-mode nil)
  )

;; Do not write anything past this comment. This is where Emacs will
;; auto-generate custom variable definitions.
(custom-set-variables
 ;; custom-set-variables was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 '(package-selected-packages
   (quote
    (mmm-mode markdown-toc markdown-mode gh-md flycheck-pos-tip pos-tip flycheck smeargle orgit magit-gitflow magit-popup helm-gitignore gitignore-mode gitconfig-mode gitattributes-mode git-timemachine git-messenger git-link evil-magit magit transient git-gutter-fringe+ git-gutter-fringe fringe-helper git-gutter+ git-commit with-editor git-gutter diff-hl zenburn-theme zen-and-art-theme white-sand-theme underwater-theme ujelly-theme twilight-theme twilight-bright-theme twilight-anti-bright-theme toxi-theme tao-theme tangotango-theme tango-plus-theme tango-2-theme sunny-day-theme sublime-themes subatomic256-theme subatomic-theme spacegray-theme soothe-theme solarized-theme soft-stone-theme soft-morning-theme soft-charcoal-theme smyx-theme seti-theme reverse-theme rebecca-theme railscasts-theme purple-haze-theme professional-theme planet-theme phoenix-dark-pink-theme phoenix-dark-mono-theme organic-green-theme omtose-phellack-theme oldlace-theme occidental-theme obsidian-theme noctilux-theme naquadah-theme mustang-theme monokai-theme monochrome-theme molokai-theme moe-theme minimal-theme material-theme majapahit-theme madhat2r-theme lush-theme light-soap-theme jbeans-theme jazz-theme ir-black-theme inkpot-theme heroku-theme hemisu-theme hc-zenburn-theme gruvbox-theme gruber-darker-theme grandshell-theme gotham-theme gandalf-theme flatui-theme flatland-theme farmhouse-theme exotica-theme espresso-theme dracula-theme django-theme darktooth-theme autothemer darkokai-theme darkmine-theme darkburn-theme dakrone-theme cyberpunk-theme color-theme-sanityinc-tomorrow color-theme-sanityinc-solarized clues-theme cherry-blossom-theme busybee-theme bubbleberry-theme birds-of-paradise-plus-theme badwolf-theme apropospriate-theme anti-zenburn-theme ample-zen-theme ample-theme alect-themes afternoon-theme helm-company helm-c-yasnippet fuzzy company-statistics company-c-headers company auto-yasnippet yasnippet ac-ispell auto-complete org-projectile org-category-capture org-present org-pomodoro alert log4e gntp org-mime org-download htmlize gnuplot disaster cmake-mode clang-format ws-butler winum which-key volatile-highlights vi-tilde-fringe uuidgen use-package toc-org spaceline powerline restart-emacs request rainbow-delimiters popwin persp-mode pcre2el paradox spinner org-plus-contrib org-bullets open-junk-file neotree move-text macrostep lorem-ipsum linum-relative link-hint indent-guide hydra lv hungry-delete hl-todo highlight-parentheses highlight-numbers parent-mode highlight-indentation helm-themes helm-swoop helm-projectile projectile pkg-info epl helm-mode-manager helm-make helm-flx helm-descbinds helm-ag google-translate golden-ratio flx-ido flx fill-column-indicator fancy-battery eyebrowse expand-region exec-path-from-shell evil-visualstar evil-visual-mark-mode evil-unimpaired evil-tutor evil-surround evil-search-highlight-persist highlight evil-numbers evil-nerd-commenter evil-mc evil-matchit evil-lisp-state smartparens evil-indent-plus evil-iedit-state iedit evil-exchange evil-escape evil-ediff evil-args evil-anzu anzu evil goto-chg undo-tree eval-sexp-fu elisp-slime-nav dumb-jump f dash s diminish define-word column-enforce-mode clean-aindent-mode bind-map bind-key auto-highlight-symbol auto-compile packed aggressive-indent adaptive-wrap ace-window ace-link ace-jump-helm-line helm avy helm-core popup async)))
 '(safe-local-variable-values (quote ((c-c++-default-mode-for-headers . c++-mode)))))
(custom-set-faces
 ;; custom-set-faces was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 )
